---
id: A1
title: Another Bright Morning
links:
  -
    ref: B1
    text: Should Albetan jam on his barsiphone?
  -
    ref: B2
    text: Should Albetan try to write some lyrics?
  -
    ref: B3
    text: Should Albetan find some breakfast?
---
Ten solar years after ex-Lead Science Wizard Patea was corrupted and turned the ocean to jelly, it's another a bright morning on Norba Island. The cornakeets chirp in the trees, releasing the smell of bordan nuts as they crack the shells. The casual Norbaen morning schedule is not sitting right with Albetan. Why so much hustle and bustle in a place where you could just be listening to the ocean? As jelly, the rhythm was still there, even if the schlurping sound was new.

It had been a miscalculation when he'd chosen here to write his new album. The last two had bombed, and his label was surely near dropping him. Hid manager had said "Find your roots, kid. Go back to that place you're from, bond with some other weird antlered people. Maybe you'll find that old music." At the time Albetan had responded with his own racism and said some other very rude things but the regret was gone. He hadn't written the hits in this backwater (backjelly) town. He wrote them in the levitating penthouses of Grandlaso and the fire springs of Bidernat and those massages palaces under Pitternes. The last one he wrote entirely inside the echo caves near Barna.

Those places aren't comping him rooms these days though.

Once it becomes clear no amount of pillows will drown out the sounds of the market going strong outside his window, Albetan rolls his doughie body into his casual tunic and tries to start his day.

